README.md, before:

# kaggleplayground
The Kaggle Playground series is a collection of interactive machine learning projects hosted by Kaggle.

## [Playground S5E7](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s5e7)
Predict the Introverts from the Extroverts using the [Introverts vs Extroverts dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rakeshkapilavai/extrovert-vs-introvert-behavior-data/data).

## [Playground S4E6](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s4e6)

Predict the categorical academic risk assessment for each student using data from the [Predict Students' Dropout and Academic Success dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/697/predict+students+dropout+and+academic+success).

## [Playground S4E3](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s4e3)

Predict the probability of various defects on steel plate. The dataset for this competition (both train and test) was generated from a deep learning model trained on the [Steel Plates Faults dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/198/steel+plates+faults).

## [Playground S3E5](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s3e5)

Predict the quality of wine using the given data. The dataset for this competition (both train and test) was generated from a deep learning model trained on the [Wine Quality dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yasserh/wine-quality-dataset).

## [Playground S3E4](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s3e4)

Predict the probability for the target Class for each id in the test set using synthetic data from the [Credit Card Fraud Detection dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud).

Commit message:

Adjusted the description of each projects

README.md, after:

# kaggleplayground
The Kaggle Playground series is a collection of interactive machine learning projects hosted by Kaggle.

## [Playground S5E7](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s5e7)
Predict the Introverts from the Extroverts using the [Introverts vs Extroverts dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rakeshkapilavai/extrovert-vs-introvert-behavior-data/data) collected through Google Forms as part of a college research project exploring personality traits and behavioral tendencies among students.

## [Playground S4E6](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s4e6)

Predict the categorical academic risk assessment for each student using data from the [Predict Students' Dropout and Academic Success dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/697/predict+students+dropout+and+academic+success).

## [Playground S4E3](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s4e3)

Predict the probability of defects on steel plate using [Steel Plates Faults dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/198/steel+plates+faults).

## [Playground S3E5](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s3e5)

Predict the quality of wine using the physicochemical of Portuguese vinho verde samples: [Wine Quality dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yasserh/wine-quality-dataset).

## [Playground S3E4](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/playground-series-s3e4)

Predict credit card fraud using data collected from the European cardholder transactions in September 2013: [Credit Card Fraud Detection dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mlg-ulb/creditcardfraud).
